https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-10866 (#6581)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/discovery/discovery_intro.adoc

You must have an {ocm} credential. See xref:../credentials/credential_ocm.adoc#creating-a-credential-for-openshift-cluster-manager[Creating a credential for Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager] if you need to create a credential.

*Required access*: Administrator

* xref:../discovery/discovery_config_ui.adoc#discovery-console[Configure Discovery with the console]
* xref:../discovery/discovery_config_cli.adoc#discovery-enable-cli[Configure Discovery using the CLI]

> * xref:../discovery/discovery_manage.adoc#managing-discovery[Manage the Discovery service]

Author: ```suggestion
* xref:../discovery/enable_discovery_management.adoc#enable-discovery[Enabling a discovered cluster for management]
```
